ASH
'Thanks for the food.'
Alright,
now that we're all stuffed
what do you say
we train for our Gym battle?
[AGREE]
In that case.
[APPEARING]
Why don't we practice
our Pokémon performance?
So, I think I'll
work on some new inventions!
Hey, Clemont? Is it okay
if I go and explore the forest?
I guess so.
But don't get into any trouble.
Of course, I won't!
Dedenne will be with me.
We'll be fine!
There's got to be
a Gazillion Pokémon living
in this forest.
Hi, there Wormadam!
Have a nice day!
[chuckles]
Huh?
You're not allowed
to go this way.
Huh?
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause
Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all
its you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon
I know it's my destiny ♪
yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon
gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Bonnie for the Defense!"
NARRATOR
While our heroes continue
their trek to Coumarine City,
site of Ash's next Gym battle.
Bonnie and Dedenne have just
come across a group of kids
in the forest.
Hey, why aren't we allowed
to go that way?
‐ It's our opinion!
‐ Opinion?
Hey, Kye,
I think you mean our dominion.
Yeah, that's right,
it's our dominion.
Okay,
what do you mean by that?
What do I mean by that?
For real?
How am I supposed to know?
[all groan]
You see, our dominion means
that this place belongs
to us and us alone.
That doesn't make sense.
The forest doesn't belong
to anybody.
Who do you think you are?
Do you dare argue with
the Lapras Defense Force?
Huh? Lapras Defense Force?
Hey, does that mean
there's a Lapras around here?
[all scream]
How could you
possibly know that?
Huh, because
you called yourselves
the Lapras Defense Force.
I thought
you were just a dumb kid.
But it turns out
you're really smart.
Maybe it would be better
if she were on our side.
Tell me your name.
I think it's rude
if you don't tell me your name
before I tell you my name.
Hm, that's not very nice.
My name is Heidi.
‐ And I'm Kye.
‐ And my name is Jay.
Well, Bonnie's my name!
And this is Dedenne.
[HAPPY]
[gasps]
So how do you have a Pokémon?
Well, Dedenne is my
big brother Clemont's Pokémon
but he asked me
if I'd take care of it.
He asked you to? Wait,
Bonnie, are you a grown‐up?
‐ That's incredible.
‐ Oh, I've got an idea.
I'll let you
join the Lapras Defense Force
if you let me pet Dedenne.
Dedenne just loves
to be petted. Here.
[HAPPY]
[screaming]
[chuckles]
Uh, you okay?
‐ Aah!
‐ Oh, please.
See? I'm fine.
Only a true grown‐up
could go through all of that.
Then you must be
a grown‐up too.
So now you're one of us,
Blondie.
Uh, it's Bonnie.
Would you let me pet Dedenne,
too please?
‐ Yeah, me too.
‐ Okay, sure.
‐ Huh!
‐ What was that?
Come with us.
We'll take you along
to our hideout.
Aah, it's a lake! So pretty!
[AGREE]
Now, Lapras Defense Force!
Time to move out!
‐ Roger!
Huh!
‐ Water‐mode!
‐ Activated!
‐ We're ready for action!
‐ Hey, wait a sec.
I wanna change too.
Okay, I'm ready.
Lapras Defense Force,
let's move out!
Roger! Huh!
Okay, Heidi,
so where's Lapras anyway?
Lapras is right here.
Huh!
See? There it is!
[gasping]
[HAPPY]
It's Lapras!
Awesome!
[AGREE]
So this is where
Lapras lives, right?
‐ No, you're wrong.
‐ Huh!
‐ Should I tell you?
‐ Yeah, tell me, tell me.
Should I tell her? Huh?
Hey. Come on. Tell me.
Go on and tell her.
‐ Well, if I have to.
‐ Mm‐hm.
The day after this
big storm, we were walking
through the forest,
when we found these
huge tracks on
the ground.
And then..
I'm, feeling kinda scared.
Well, don't be!
[screaming]
‐ I want to go back home.
‐ Come on, Heidi!
[all gasping]
‐ That's..
‐ A Lapras.
[SAD]
‐ I've never seen one before.
‐ Oh!
Hey, come here.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Can I pet you, please?
Oh! You're so nice and smooth.
‐ Hey, look there.
‐ Huh!
It's hurt.
[SAD]
Don't worry, Lapras.
We'll take care
of your wound right away.
‐ Yeah.
[HAPPY]
Wow‐wee! That's so cool.
And that's why,
so we could protect Lapras.
The three of us swarmed
the Lapras Defense Force.
No, we formed it.
Yay! Wow, that's so sweet.
I'm glad,
they're good to you, Lapras.
[HAPPY]
[laughing]
‐ Aah!
BONNIE
'I don't get it.'
Why are you keeping
Lapras a secret?
You don't get it, do you?
There's only one reason
Lapras got hurt.
Some bad Pokémon hunters
are after it.
Along with Pokémon snugglers.
No, that's Pokémon smugglers.
And besides,
who knows what will happen
if grown‐ups knew
Lapras was here?
Huh! What do you mean?
All grown‐ups
are grown‐up liars!
It's raining.
[sighs]
[CONCERNED]
You didn't happen
to see Bonnie, did you?
Huh! Come to think of it. No.
She said she was going
to explore the forest
but hasn't come back.
I hope she's at least
staying out of the rain.
Let's go look for her!
[CONCERNED]
BONNIE
'Hey, who lives in here?'
‐ Oh, this is our white out.
‐ You mean our hideout.
Now, can I have some?
You know what I mean.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Don't give me that.
You always keep candy
in your pocket
so give me some right now.
Oh, yeah. Heidi's right!
Just a piece.
Oh, alright,
but you can only have one each.
Don't be stingy.
Lapras? Here.
This'll cheer you up.
[HAPPY]
Is it yummy?
[PLEASED]
And you can have some too.
Ah! Thanks!
And one for Dedenne.
[HAPPY]
Hey,
there won't be any left.
‐ Thanks a lot, Jay.
‐ Huh?
That's really nice of you.
Nice? Well, I guess
you could say that.
Ready, Lapras Defense Force?
Eat candy, now!
Roger!
Yummy!
'Look, it stopped raining.'
Great! Let's play
some more, Lapras!
‐ Huh?
‐ Ah?
Not again.
Sometimes Lapras
will start to cry
like it's really, really
sad about something.
But the problem
is we have no idea why.
Lapras, what's wrong?
[SAD]
Hey, its skin feels warmer
than it should.
‐ Huh?
‐ Well, you're right. It's hot.
Maybe its wound
didn't heal completely.
Then we need to get
someone to help us.
No way!
We can't tell the grown‐ups!
'Hey! Bonnie!'
'Where are you?'
We can tell if they'renot
grown‐ups, right?
[all gasp]
POKEDEX
Lapras, the Transport Pokémon.
Lapras enjoys carrying people
on its back
'and it understands what people
are saying.'
It's really burning up.
It's not something
we can deal with.
[CONCERNED]
Oh, that poor Pokémon.
I think we'd better
get Nurse Joy right away.
‐ Good idea.
‐ You can't do that!
But...why can't we?
Because you can't trust
any grown‐ups!
They're all liars!
We once found an Eevee
that someone had abandoned.
We hid it behind
our classroom
while the three of us
took care of it.
But one day
our teacher found out
when we were bringing Eevee
some food.
She promised she
wouldn't do anything
as long as we told her
what we were doing.
JAY
But as soon as we did,
she took Eevee away.
And those grown‐ups will
take Lapras away, too/
I see, but you know
Lapras needs help.
Oh, Lapras, are you okay?
We can't just stand around
and do nothing.
Lapras is going downhill fast.
[ANGRY]
Oh, no, does that mean..
Uh, I'd rather
not think about it.
‐ No way.
‐ No. That can't be true.
Don't lie to us.
No, I won't believe it.
I won't!
You're all
a bunch of meanies!
Hey, I'm sorry! Oh, man.
Ash said everything he said
because he really cares
about Lapras like you do.
Getting the help
that Lapras needs
is the best thing
we can do.
So is it okay if we go
and get Nurse Joy?
[crying]
'Okay.'
'What good is just one
going to do us?'
I'm afraid one
is all they had left.
Shall we split it
into thirds?
Don't go mathematical on me!
Rock‐paper‐scissors
wins it all!
‐ And that's that!
‐ Fine with me!
And the winner chows down!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
And, wa..
[all screaming]
Joy! It's Lapras!
'We've got an emergency!'
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Lapras!
[EXCITED]
NURSE JOY
'Lapras' wound is closed'
but some germs
must have gotten in.
That explains the fever.
‐ Nurse Joy?
‐ What does that mean?
‐ Will it be alright?
‐ Oh, don't worry.
Lapras will be just fine.
‐ Really?
‐ Promise.
[all cheering]
[HAPPY]
Wow! Looks like it's fine.
I'll be getting on back
to the Pokémon Center now.
‐ Thanks, Nurse‐‐
‐ Nurse Joy!
Thank you!
We're so happy!
‐ Guess some grown‐ups are nice.
‐ You're wonderful!
Don't forget,
the three of you are the ones
who gave Lapras
such excellent care.
But thank you.
[all chuckle]
You're making me crush.
‐ Kye, you mean blush.
‐ Oh, yes!
The Eevee that you found
and took such wonderful care of?
I returned it
to its Trainer
and I'm happy to report
it's doing very well.
Uh! How do you know
about our Eevee?
Well, your teacher
brought it to me
to see
if I knew its Trainer
so I took it back to its home
as soon as I could.
‐ Our teacher?
‐ So she didn't...
Take it away from us.
Lapras on the loose.
A Pokémon we could put
to very good use.
Let's catch it. Without excuse.
[AGREE]
[SAD]
[all gasping]
Lapras is crying again.
[SAD]
It sounds so sad.
According to the story
we were told earlier
Lapras was swept into
the forest during a storm.
‐ Um‐hm.
‐ Forest, River. Hm.
Maybe it wants to return
to the ocean.
I wouldn't be surprised
if its family and friends
are living out at sea.
‐ You might be right.
‐ Of course.
Hey, Lapras?
Do you miss all your friends?
[CONCERNED]
Okay, then let's get
Lapras back out to sea!
[AGREE]
No! No! No!
You can't do that!
Lapras is our friend!
We won't stand for it!
But think for a moment about
how Lapras feels right now.
‐ How Lapras feels?
‐ Mm‐hm.
There's no doubt that
Lapras cares about you a lot
but I think it's feeling
pretty homesick
and wants to go back
to where it comes from.
Lapras wants to go home?
'After you finish
playing together'
'you always wanna
go back home, right?'
‐ Heidi?
‐ I love Lapras.
So, if it's homesick,
I wanna help.
Whatever it takes.
I want to help
Lapras get back home.
It's the right thing to do!
‐ That's right!
‐ I'll help, too!
Great! Sounds like a job
for the Lapras Defense Force.
[AGREE]
SERENA
'Now, let's see, this lake
connects to a big river'
'so if we follow it downstream'
we should reach the ocean.
Great job, Serena.
Let's do this, guys!
[EXCITED]
[all cheering]
[instrumental music]
[all gasping]
Check it out.
Maybe Lapras
couldn't get home
because that boulder
was in the way.
So, let's get it
out of the way.
Froakie! Hawlucha!
Let's go!
[APPEARING]
‐ I think we can help, too.
‐ Fennekin, you're up!
[APPEARING]
Okay, Froakie, use Cut
and, Hawlucha,
use High Jump Kick!
Chespin, use Tackle
and, Luxio,
use Wild Charge!
Now, Fennekin,
use Scratch!
[ATTACK]
[TACKLE MOVE]
[explosion]
[all cheering]
[all gasping]
[HAPPY]
'If we follow that river
straight downstream'
we'll reach the ocean.
JESSIE
'Oh, no, you won't!'
Prepare for trouble,
your good times are through!
And make it double,
doo‐be‐doo‐be‐doo!
To protect the world
from devastation.
To put you Twerpies
on probation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
This motto stuff
fits me like a glove.
‐ It's Jessie!
‐ Meowth!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now
or you can go fly a kite!
[AGREE]
Team Rocket!
What do you want?
Why are you one short?
Order in the court!
Catching Lapras
is our favorite sport.
Thanks in advance
for your Twerpish support.
Oh, no, you don't!
Pikachu, Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Pumpkaboo! Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
We'll take care of Team Rocket.
You guys need to keep going.
‐ But‐‐
‐ You take care of Lapras!
And we'll make certain
Team Rocket doesn't win!
We're counting on
the Lapras Defense Force!
Roger that, Ash!
Let's go, Lapras!
Huh! You think you can
keep a good team down?
Think again!
[all coughing]
‐ Splish splash!
‐ They got away!
Look!
[HAPPY]
'The ocean!
Just a little farther!'
It's the big one!
[APPEARING]
[gasps]
He's part of Team Rocket, too!
Lapras is our catch of the day.
Inkay, Psybeam, okay?
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]/[PANIC]
[all gasping]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
[PANIC]
It's Lapras‐picking season!
‐ Lapras!
‐ Lapras, no!
‐ Aprons up!
‐ That's weapons!
Lapras!
[SCARED]
Lapras, what's wrong
with you?
Hey, everything's
going to be fine.
‐ Stay...back!
‐ Stop gumming up the works!
Lapras, what do we do?
Hold on! Jay, do you
still have any candy left?
‐ Yeah, b‐but why do‐‐
‐ Give me!
Lapras, look what I've got.
It's candy!
'Eat it!
It'll make you feel better!'
It works every time!
Now you're happy!
‐ Party pooper!
‐ We've got to get away!
Bye‐bye!
‐ I don't think so!
‐ Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL]
Move left to dodge!
[WATER GUN MOVE]
‐ Way to go, Lapras!
‐ You're the coolest!
Coolest, my foot!
Alright, Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse!
Okay, Inkay, use Psybeam!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Look out!
Huh?
[SURPRISED]
[all gasping]
It looks like your friends
came here to help you.
A convention!
This is a great chance
to get a matched set!
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
[all screaming]
They're strong!
That was one big‐time
Ice Beam!
Ash, look!
I guess Lapras's family
was waiting for it
to come back home!
‐ Wow. Thank goodness!
‐ Pikachu, Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
Alright!
[all laughing]
[instrumental music]
Lapras looks happy.
I'm glad for them all.
‐ Mm.
‐ I'm glad, too.
Isn't that the best?
[HAPPY]
You came back.
Lapras!
[HAPPY]
Take good care!
And please don't get lost
next time.
‐ Let's meet again someday.
‐ That would be great!
‐ Okay, you can go now.
‐ They're waiting.
We'll see you later, Lapras!
Bye‐bye now!
[HAPPY]
[all laughing]
HEIDI
'I wonder if we'll
see it again someday.'
Sure you will.
Count on it.
[AGREE]
‐ Hm.
It's time.
I've got to get going.
Oh, Bonnie.
You're leaving so soon?
Next time you come visit,
we'll play again!
‐ Um‐hm.
‐ Take care, everybody!
Bye‐bye now.
And thanks a lot for becoming
friends with Bonnie.
[HAPPY]
Bonnie, let's go!
‐ See you soon! Bye!
‐ Bye‐bye!
‐ Take care of yourself!
‐ Bye, Bonnie! Bye!
Bye!
NARRATOR
As Bonnie says goodbye
to her new friends in
the Lapras Defense Force
Lapras is safely
back home
and happily reunited
with its family.
Now, our heroes are off
to the Coumarine City Gym
as the journey continues.
[theme music]